TODO.md, before:

# TODO

## FEATURES

- [ ] Work with field aliases: use the aliases of the target model to match the fields in the source model.
- [ ] Support for fields that require a function to fetch the value: for complex target models that don't consume the raw data directly from the source model.
- [ ] Caching logic to avoid checking the same field multiple times: take advantage of the firsts times the model is checked.
- [ ] Accept the source model as a json or dict: to provide better support for APIs integration use cases.
- [ ] Support the list of models in the root of the source model: when the source model is a list in it's root.
- [ ] Support for multiple aliases: handle the case where the target model could support multiple aliases.
- [ ] Use the map_model function without class instanciation: is it possible to avoid the class instanciation?
- [ ] 

## TESTS

- [ ] Tests for the 5 main use cases:

  - Simple field matching
  - Nested field matching
  - Build new models from scattered fields
  - List of models with same instance
  - List of models with different instance

- [ ] Tests for the error handling:

  - Field in the target not found in the source
  - Field found but with different type
  - 

- [ ] 

## IMPROVEMENTS

- [ ] Move the "name" level from the logger in the error_manager module to where the error is raised
- [ ] Add to the log the number of models found in the lists of models
- [ ] Add more support for Union, Set, Tuple, and Dict types
- [ ] Add support for a log file using the env variable LOG_FILE
- [ ] Add support for a log level using the env variable LOG_LEVEL
- [ ] Add cache and logging for the lists of models
- [ ] Not just validate if the source model has the field, but also if the field is not null

## BUGS

- [ ] Corrupted models:
  - When building a new model (usually a list of models), it's possible that the field name is repeated in different nested models. 
  - This can cause to build a unexpected models.
  - The solution could be to gather the data from the same level, instead of looking through the whole source model again. 
  - Another solution could be to always match a nested model if it has the same name as the model being built.
  - 
- [ ] Currently, when returning a partial model, this is not serializable. Fix it so it always does.

## REFACTORING

- [ ] Move the field matching logic to a separate module: 


## MINOR

- [ ] Model validation before starting the mapping
- [ ] Add more mapping error cases
- [ ] Improve the error messages
- [ ] Improve error handling for "dependencies" like DynamicPathManager, etc...
- [ ] Improve Single Responsibility Principle with the traverse function
- [ ] Would be better to have source and target models as arguments to the class?
- [ ] Would be better to "flat" the source model before matching?
- [ ] Would be better to "flat" the target model before building?

Commit message:

added some error cases an extra pendings

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

## FEATURES

- [ ] Work with field aliases: use the aliases of the target model to match the fields in the source model.
- [ ] Support for fields that require a function to fetch the value: for complex target models that don't consume the raw data directly from the source model.
- [ ] Caching logic to avoid checking the same field multiple times: take advantage of the firsts times the model is checked.
- [ ] Accept the source model as a json or dict: to provide better support for APIs integration use cases.
- [ ] Support the list of models in the root of the source model: when the source model is a list in it's root.
- [ ] Support for multiple aliases: handle the case where the target model could support multiple aliases.
- [ ] Use the map_model function without class instanciation: is it possible to avoid the class instanciation?
- [ ] 

## TESTS

- [ ] Tests for the 5 main use cases:

  - [ ] Simple field matching
  - [ ] Nested field matching
  - [ ] Build new models from scattered fields
  - [ ] List of models with same instance
  - [ ] List of models with different instance

- [ ] Tests for the error handling:

  - [ ] Field in the target not found in the source
  - [ ] Field found but with different type
  - 

- [ ] Test for returns with partial fields
- [ ] 

## IMPROVEMENTS

- [ ] Move the "name" level from the logger in the error_manager module to where the error is raised
- [ ] Add to the log the number of models found in the lists of models
- [ ] Add more support for Union, Set, Tuple, and Dict types
- [ ] Add support for a log file using the env variable LOG_FILE
- [ ] Add support for a log level using the env variable LOG_LEVEL
- [ ] Add cache and logging for the lists of models
- [ ] Not just validate if the source model has the field, but also if the field is not null

## BUGS

- [ ] Corrupted models:
  - When building a new model (usually a list of models), it's possible that the field name is repeated in different nested models. 
  - This can cause to build a unexpected models.
  - The solution could be to gather the data from the same level, instead of looking through the whole source model again. 
  - Another solution could be to always match a nested model if it has the same name as the model being built.
  - 
- [ ] Currently, when returning a partial model, this is not serializable. Fix it so it always does.
- [ ] Fix the log of the display method for the error manager: currently it's using a print

## REFACTORING

- [ ] Move the field matching logic to a separate module: 


## MINOR

- [ ] Model validation before starting the mapping
- [ ] Add more mapping error cases
- [ ] Improve the error messages
- [ ] Improve error handling for "dependencies" like DynamicPathManager, etc...
- [ ] Improve Single Responsibility Principle with the traverse function
- [ ] Would be better to have source and target models as arguments to the class?
- [ ] Would be better to "flat" the source model before matching?
- [ ] Would be better to "flat" the target model before building?
